AVSynthesiser for Mac Engine (#350)
nateshmbhat/pyttsx3: README.md

#### Included TTS engines:

> * sapi5 (Windows)
> * nsss (Mac OS)
> * avsynth (Mac OS)
> * espeak (Linux, Mac OS, Windows)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* avsynth on macOS
* espeak on Linux, macOS, and Windows
* nsss on macOS (deprecated by Apple)
* sapi5 on Windows
```
